{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15120\viewh10620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # This file contains the tentative 'about' page writeup.\
# Please feel free to add anything to this. It can be easily changed in Unity.\
\

\b I. What is VENu?
\b0 \
VENu enables users to view particle detector events in 3D. Currently, VENu is only compatible with the MicroBooNE detector.\
VENu is intended to be versatile and therefore works on desktop and mobile devices, with support for augmented and virtually reality modes already in development.\
\

\b II. Use
\b0 \
To view an event, click on either the 'Saved Events' or 'Online Events' buttons on the main menu to bring up the event tabs.\
Once in an event tab, click on any of the event buttons in the tab to automatically load the event.\
- Saved events are a compilation of events pre-loaded with VENu.\
- Online events are downloaded from the MicroBooNE server.\
\
You can also change options from the 'Settings' tab on the main menu. The 'Particle Density' slider controls the percentage of spacepoints drawn.\
If VENu appears choppy or slow, try lowering this slider to improve performance.\
\
Once VENu has completed loading and processing the selected event, you can move around the detector with any of the three control schemes included.\
Control schemes can be switched from the in-game menu which is accessible from the upper-left corner of the screen.\
\
1. The first control scheme uses a top-down map to place the viewing position. Clicking on this map will move the camera to the clicked point.\
The view can then be oriented by dragging on the screen.\
\
2. 'One Joy' mode allows the user to move in a plane with the joystick drawn on-screen. The camera can be moved by dragging on the screen.\
\
3. 'Two Joy' mode is the same as 'One Joy' mode, except the camera is now controlled with a second joystick.\
\
In all control schemes, the height of the camera can be changed via the slider on the right side of the screen.\
\
Once comfortable with VENu's control schemes, simply open up the in-game menu and select "next event" or "previous event" to cycle through the other available events.\
\

\b III. Team
\b0 \
VENu was created by the following students from their corresponding institutions:\
Alistair McLean, New Mexico State University (USA - NM)\
Ben Carls, Fermilab (USA - IL)\
Gene Kim, IMSA (USA - IL)\
Matt Bass, Oxford University (UK)\
Sean Ngo, IMSA (USA - IL)\
Thomas Wester, University of Chicago (USA - IL)\
Owen Crawford, Bradley University (USA - IL) \
Ariana Hackenburg, Yale (USA - CT)\
\
Fermilab (USA - IL)\
}